localproxy-server/README.md, before:

# localproxy

Dynamically run multiple web applications on routes on http://localhost:80.

Capable of mounting static routes or proxying requests to other servers.

![](./docs/proxyPage.png)

## Install

1. Install the `.deb` file from the releases tab.

The `.deb` assumes a few things:

- `nginx` installed with the default site disabled.
- `sudo` installed with `/etc/sudoers.d` configured properly.
- `systemd` with unit file installed in `/lib/systemd/system`.
- `amd64` system (mostly because it bundles a `amd64` node runtime).

Review the `build-deb.sh` script to get an idea of how to do it manually if you aren't on a debian based system.

## Usage

Access the UI at http://localhost:80/__proxy__.

## API

Send API requests to `/__proxy__/api`.

While processing a `POST` or `DELETE` request, the nginx config will be immediately updated.

### `GET`

Get requests will simply return the list of currently installed proxy apps.

Response: `App[]`

### `POST`

Post requests will install a proxy app. Note that this will overwrite any other apps.

Request Body: `InstallRequest`
Response: empty

### `DELETE`

Delete requests will uninstall a proxy app.

Request Body: `DeleteRequest`
Response: empty

### Types

```ts
// This route will serve assets from the filesystem
type StaticRoute = {
  static: true;
  route: string; // the route to mount the filesystem server at. This should NOT end with a trailing slash.
  staticDir: string; // the directory on the filesystem to mount. Must end with a trailing slash.
  indexFallback: boolean; // Whether to serve the root index.html for requests with missing assets. Useful for client side routing. Defaults to false
  priority: number; // The priority of this route if multiple routes have the same `route`
  autoIndex: boolean; // Generate automatic file indexes for directories without an index.html. Defaults to false
};

// This route will proxy requests to a destination server
type ProxyRoute = {
  static: false;
  route: string; // the route to mount the destination server at. This should NOT end with a trailing slash.
  hostname: string; // the hostname of the destination server.
  port: number; // the port of the destination server.
  trimRoute: boolean; // whether to trim the route or not before passing requests to the destination server.
  priority: number; // The priority of this route if multiple routes have the same `route`
};

type Route = ProxyRoute | StaticRoute;

type App = {
  id: string; // a unique ID for this app.
  name: string; // name of the app.
  routes: Route[];
};

type InstallRequest = App;

type DeleteRequest = {
  id: string; // the ID of the app to uninstall.
};
```

## Development

To test changes to the server, you can stop the systemd service and then run the server manually as user `localproxy` (e.g. `sudo -u localproxy node ./server.js`).

To test changes to proxy-ui, just run it (`npm start`).

Commit message:

Reorg proxy-ui, update routes to use different args, fix permissions on site dir, add localproxy user to localproxyusers

localproxy-server/README.md, after:

# localproxy

Dynamically run multiple web applications on routes on http://localhost:80.

Capable of mounting static routes or proxying requests to other servers.

![](./docs/proxyPage.png)

## Install

1. Install the `.deb` file from the releases tab.

The `.deb` assumes a few things:

- `nginx` installed with the default site disabled.
- `sudo` installed with `/etc/sudoers.d` configured properly.
- `systemd` with unit file installed in `/lib/systemd/system`.
- `amd64` system (mostly because it bundles a `amd64` node runtime).

Review the `build-deb.sh` script to get an idea of how to do it manually if you aren't on a debian based system.

## Usage

Access the UI at http://localhost:80/__proxy__.

## API

Send API requests to `/__proxy__/api`.

While processing a `POST` or `DELETE` request, the nginx config will be immediately updated.

### `GET`

Get requests will simply return the list of currently installed proxy apps.

Response: `App[]`

### `POST`

Post requests will install/update a proxy app. This will overwrite any existing app with the same `id`.

Request Body: `InstallRequest`
Response: empty

### `DELETE`

Delete requests will uninstall a proxy app.

Request Body: `DeleteRequest`
Response: empty

### Types

```ts
// This route will serve assets from the filesystem
type StaticRoute = {
  static: true;
  route: string; // the route to mount the filesystem server at. This should NOT end with a trailing slash.
  staticDir: string; // the directory on the filesystem to mount. Must end with a trailing slash.
  rootIndexFallback: boolean; // Whether to serve the root index.html for requests with missing assets. Useful for client side routing. Defaults to false
  priority: number; // The priority of this route if multiple routes have the same `route`
  dirListings: boolean; // Generate automatic file indexes for directories without an index.html. Defaults to false
};

// This route will proxy requests to a destination server
type ProxyRoute = {
  static: false;
  route: string; // the route to mount the destination server at. This should NOT end with a trailing slash.
  hostname: string; // the hostname of the destination server.
  port: number; // the port of the destination server.
  trimRoute: boolean; // whether to trim the route or not before passing requests to the destination server.
  priority: number; // The priority of this route if multiple routes have the same `route`
};

type Route = ProxyRoute | StaticRoute;

type App = {
  id: string; // a unique ID for this app.
  name: string; // name of the app.
  routes: Route[];
};

type InstallRequest = App;

type DeleteRequest = {
  id: string; // the ID of the app to uninstall.
};
```

## Development

To test changes to the server, you can stop the systemd service and then run the server manually as user `localproxy` (e.g. `sudo -u localproxy node ./server.js`).

To test changes to proxy-ui, just run it (`npm start`).
